For the rock paper scissors game, The user is aware of their choice but the opponent is aware of the original users choice
You might have to rotate between sessionstorage and localstorage or actually just use sessionstorage. 

The idea behind the groupchat thing where you can actually talk to your opponent, thats crazy, but possible?
The way I see it, You would create an empty div with margins, rounded edges, and a submit option where you can
type a personally contructed message.  Week 4 Day 2 Lesson 15/16 will help with that groupchat thing
You can check how people are connected. Have it so that once two people are connected (the first two)
the game begins. Both will be instructed to enter the username.

and then the other rules come from the basic RPS game using if statements. You could check one from the previous code.

We Just went over in class today about storing data via firebase so if he is asking for the wins and losses to be stored
, then I guess that's where it will go.

You can also have user names with that, Do not start the game until username1 and username2 both have a value. and then
start the brigade of clicks.

create on click functions for the decision but once again, these are things that have to appear in the DOM after something else, So I have a feeling
that if you make a bunch of nested on click functions that way the game has to travel between clicks. It being one persons, turn,
then turning it into another persons turn, then checking the results. The submit button for the groupchat cannot be within
the click functions This is probably one of the first things, given a css fixed position, that stick to the screen from start to finish

When we were doing the basic html version, you would press something and instantly, the computer would pick something random through
a previously defined array. Thats the part we're removing.

Plus how exactly are we suppose to have two users play the game at the same time? by making a separate channel? questions... 
Too much knowledge, lack there of.

Sidenote, learn to work as a team